Hi.
We didn't the section we're going to focus on augmented reality and we're going to use a market for
that.
So maybe you wonder what is augmented reality.
So this is a way to bring in the virtual life into our rooms by using the camera.
If I were from so as you can see this kid actually gives us opportunity to create user experiences that
add to these or treaty visuals 3D elements to the live view from my device camera.
So for example we can create a spaceship or we can create a Star Wars Death Star or we can create some
image to show it in our live camera.
OK.
So that we will think that this image this object is actually sitting inside of our living room.
So this is like a Pokémon Go game.
OK.
So if we beings bring virtual things into our real life by using these augmented reality and I really
suggest you come around and take a look at the arcade documentation after you complete the section because
there are a lot of features which you may want to learn later on but now I'm just going to close this
down and I'm going to create our projects so that we can start learning about a augmented reality.
And as you can see I'm not going to go for a single view at this time but rather I'm just going to choose
the augmented reality app and this will create the framework for us.
So after you choose it here next.
And as you can see we have some different options over here.
I'm going to call this a market first project OK.
We're going to learn about the basics in this lecture any here we have some options.
In fact we have seen these options before when we work with Sprite kids.
And as you might already remember medal is for hard core training hardcore creating game old engines.
Then you really work with graphic car units OK graphical processor and the sprite kid.
We have heard before it's for creating to these games or to these scenes and seeing kit is for 3d scenes
and reality kit is actually it is to create is created to work with augmented reality in which you can
create some 3D apps like AI if you want to play a bowling game inside of your living room.
You can do that with the reality kit.
But in this section where you're going to focus on seeing kit because it provides us very good tools
to learn about the essentials the basics.
These are most fundamental things about augmented reality.
So I'm going to go with sink it and we're going to work with 3D objects.
OK so that's what we're going to do.
In fact after we complete some of the introductory lectures we're going to create a 3D planets and solar
system inside of our living room.
So this is going to be fun.
So let me create this OK and let me make this into a big full screen and maybe you realize there are
some differences in our project and I'm going to explain what our Joes don't vary but I just want to
take note over here to show you something.
OK.
So let me come over to our real controller.
I'm going to tell you what are those later on.
Don't worry.
Just right now I just want to tell you about an a nine chip.
So you need an eight nine chip in your phone in order to efficiently work with augmented reality apps.
And this is included in iPhone s and both.
OK.
So if you don't have any phone that his iPhone 6 S and a bow then you may not be able to work this work.
This projects with your phone because obviously we're going to use our phones we're going to plug our
phones with USP to connect them to the X code because we will be using our cameras in the section.
But if you don't have one of these phones then it may not work for you because you need a nine chip.
And I'm going to explain why do you need.
Does a nine chip later on but just know that you have to have an iPhone and you have to connect it to
your X code and you have to have an iPhone 6 S or a ball.
So let me come over here we have these arts contents and in here we have our 3-D objects and other objects
that we are going to use in our projects for example.
This space ship is given to us by Apple in order to test these augmented reality app as you can see
this is completely a treaty and I can't see every dimension of this.
When I go around when I go up when I go down I can't see every aspect of it.
So it's kind of cool right.
And we have the texture or years so this is the image wrapped around in my ship.
So this is the same image as you can see.
So this texture is wrapped wrapping around my ship.
So in the view controller let's see what we have.
First we have the scene like we did in the sprite kit.
So we're working with scenes again.
And in this scene we have the delegate ourself as usual and we are showing the statistics like frames
per second and timing later on I'm going to get rid of that.
Remember we don't need that.
And over here we're creating a scene.
And it this is an ACNC.
So we're going to work with a Sienna objects over here and it gets its texture.
It gets its image from our ship that a scene and we're setting this scene to be seen.
I believe we can call this ship scene so it might be much better because calling this scene is actually
a little bit confusing.
If he called his ship scene it won't matter.
So seeing we've got seen we'll be ship scene later on we're going to see how we can create our own objects
or how we can find some textures to work on 3D objects.
OK so that's what we're doing in the we've added loads.
And over here in the view will appear it creates a configuration.
So this is very it gets important.
So a our work tracking configuration.
So this is kind of a configuration that lets you track your object in your augmented reality app for
example we're creating this ship and then we open our cam camera.
We will see the ship inside of our living room and the way to do that.
We will just stabilize the ship in one point even even if we move it will not move with us it will be
standing on that point.
So it will really give us the feeling of reality.
OK.
So these air bird tracking configuration is what makes it two.
And in order to run this we need a nine Chip.
OK so a eight and below doesn't support this air bird tracking configuration.
So that's why we need an iPhone 6 S or a bow and under here we we're not doing so much and I believe
now we are ready to test this because we have seen what's going on in here and of course we're going
to change this ship.
We're going to bring in some new views are we going to see how we can create our own we use.
But right now I want you to feel how augmented reality feels like.
So take your iPhone and plug it on your X code plug it on your Mac and you will see your simulator.
You will see your phone popping up in the simulator list over here like this.
So choose it and run this in your own phone.
So let me do it with you and you're going to see it will ask you to give some permission.
And here you go.
So this is my living room and I have my dog and dog is real but this ship is not.
And as you can see when I come over here and there I can see all the aspects of this ship.
So this really feels like I have a spaceship in my living room and this is cool.
So as you can see we can see the right.
We can see the bottom.
You can see the top and left and everything.
So this is cool right.
We're going to work on that later on.
So let me come back and as you can see now we're going to do a lot more cool things like this in this
section.
I believe you're ready to stop and continue within the next lecture to see how we can move our views
inside of our app.